img1;nissan;<strong>Nissan Micra</strong> Nissan Micra is a well-equipped and good to drive B-segment hatchback. Offered with a 1.5-litre, inline diesel engine and 1.2-litre inline petrol engine option, the car runs well both on city streets and highways. Except the Micra AT, all other variants come boosted with a five speed manual transmission.Nissan India’s only hatchback in its product portfolio, ‘Micra’ is available in petrol and diesel fuel options. Offered with a manual transmission initially, Nissan added a CVT unit to the petrol variants in 2015, while the diesel trims are still available with manual gearbox. The CVT variants are relatively more feature rich as compared to the manual trims that miss out on a couple of fitments. Micra is one of the various models replicated by Nissan’s global partner Renault under badge-engineering, which was eventually ceased due to low response from customers. 
img2;porche;<strong>Porsche</strong> Dr. Ing. h.c. F. Porsche AG, Porsche AG or call it simply Porsche as it is famous worldwide. This German sports car manufacturer was the brainchild of Ferdinand Porsche who created this company in 1931. Porsche was also rated as the most prestigious automobile brand in 2006.The current Porsche model range includes sports cars from the Boxster roadster to their most famous product, the 911. The Cayman is a coupé otherwise similar to the Boxster. The Cayenne is Porsche's mid-size luxury sport utility vehicle (SUV). A high performance luxury saloon/sedan, the Panamera, was launched in 2009.The company has been highly successful in recent times, and indeed claims to have the highest profit per unit sold of any car company in the world.[39] Table of profits (in millions of euros) and number of cars produced. 	
img3;ford1;<strong>Ford</strong> Ford India offers a total of 6 car models. These consist of 0 Ford upcoming cars and 6 new Ford cars in India. The list of Ford cars in the country comprises 2 hatchback cars, 1 sedan car, 2 SUV cars, 1 coupe car. The manufacturer offers 25 petrol variants, 24 diesel variants, 2 petrol cng variants. Some of the popular Ford cars in India include Ford EcoSport, Ford Endeavour, Ford Mustang, Ford Figo Aspire, Ford Figo, Ford Freestyle. As of March 2020, Ford has a total of 150 dealerships spread across 95 cities in India.It’s your Fiesta. So make it an expression of yourself. With various exterior color options, it’s no secret that Fiesta is yours from the inside out. Top it all off with a refined, comfortable interior – including leather-trimmed seats- for a cool and clever finishing touch. 